This teaching has three levels. Those mind sections, spirit sections, beat instruction sections,
and we are doing beat instruction section. Beat instruction section also has those four in the
teaching method.
We are the core, the utmost, the secret, and the essence of the teaching. Why is essence? Because
it is directly discovering our inner nature.
That is what I use as an example of cocoon. The spell of cocoon is directly connecting us to the
old and our inherent nature without any detours or without any movement.
And therefore, this teaching is also "High Capability Practitioners".
High Capability means what? The intelligence, smartness, high capability of lowing kindness, high
capability of compassion, love, compassion,lessness, and open heart, open mind.
Understand that, not narrow mind. It becomes a narrow mind and very twisted. That is not High Cap
ability, then twisted, twisted.
But Zokhi teaching, the dhanthara teaching is "High Capability Practitioners".
Therefore, you can observe all the wonderful techniques and teachings, scale into our heart and
mind without any cushion in the dark and hesitation and interpret by our own ratio of the scept
icals.
Because it is really discovering our inner nature and looking the most "High Capability Practition
ers" in the teachings here.
So that means we are all really High Capability Practitioners in a way. Because I wanted that in
the teachings.
The moment you are interested in teaching that, when you heard the teachings, when you heard those
teachings in different things, you are inspired by them.
Instead, you are trying to distance them. That is the sign of the High Capability.
Your nature is siddhana. Our nature of the mind is siddhana, evaporated. It is ready to activate
that.
One great Master Chanda Kriti said in his teaching, "What is the sign of the great meaning of the
emptiness?"
Because when you saw the emptiness, many people were scared. Many people were scared of the
emptiness teachings.
Scared and they kind of turned me, but some were not scared. One of them in teaching Kriti Chanda K
riti said, "Not just scared, but really you."
People who heard the emptiness teachings or the Mahapanya Paramata teachings or the Madhiva Kriti
teachings, they are so excited and happy.
Not just only that, but because the signs were there, excitement, the tears are coming from their
eyes.
That is the great Master Chanda Kriti said, "They are connected. They have the capability to
discover the meaning of the Pandya Paramata, or the Madhiva Kriti."
Similarly, in the Dzogki teachings, what the great Master said is, "Those who are interested, those
who are really moved by the teachings of the very energy of the Dzogki teachings, that means they
are connected.
They have common abilities. Dzogki teachings are not just shared by some selected groups.
The every one of these teachings is for everyone who are ready, who can practice, who can handle
and who can adjust with joyful effort, courage and commitment and determination and loyalty.
This is everyone's teeth because it explains our own innate nature, the rupa, the beautiful rupa
that which is residing, the otatanga, the dharma.
Therefore, this is our teaching. This is our goal. Your mind is our imperative.
All the teachings as the lineage masters contributed, now we are holding them. We are adjusting and
caring.
Therefore, again, all these reasons, I mean, this is what the understanding of the Krikaya nature
states.
Now with that understanding of the...